Mobility is access to opportunity for new employment, affordable housing, greater culture, higher education, better healthcare and so much more. Those are the elements of community development that lead to social and economic prosperity, and it is the equity of this prosperity that Glydways is dedicated to.

Lower Infrastructure Costs
Glydways has low upfront costs, a fraction of other traditional mass transit systems, and is designed to operate profitably at existing mass transit fares.

Smaller Infrastructure Footprint
Efficient by design, the Glydways system, with 5’ lanes, has a small physical and environmental footprint and boasts zero greenhouse gas emissions.

On-Demand Anytime Rides
We provide more access with more access points and 24/7 rides on your schedule.

Personal Rides​​
Glydways offers a personal, private car experience at public transportation fares.

Modular Mesh Network​​
The Glydways System is modular and designed to be expanded to create a mesh network that provides access throughout a city.

Higher Rider Capacity​​
Glydways can move over 10,000 people per hour per lane. All on a 5.5’ wide lane, or about the same as bicycle lane.

The Glydcar is a personal vehicle designed for urban mobility. Glydcars autonomously move in dedicated lanes, carrying up to 4 passengers directly to their destination with no stops.

Glydcars are designed for passengers with space for all of the things passengers need, like bikes and luggage, without wasted space for things like trunks and hoods. Because we are building for every citizen, Glydcars are fully ADA compliant, with room to comfortably ride with a wheelchair.

With Continuous Flow technology, Glydcars never need to stop until it gets to your destination. On average you can get to your destination in one third the time of alternatives.

Team
Gokul Hemmady - CEO
Mark Seeger - Founder
Blake Barber - CTO
Chris Riley - Chief Commercial Officer
Wendy Tse - Product Management
Zachary Zeliff - Product Design
Ben Irinaga - VP Project Delivery
Sarah Pasquarelli - Human Resources

Corporate Office: 2268 Westborough Boulevard, Suite 302, Number 235, South San Francisco, CA 94080. United States

Competitors:
- "May Mobility" is a company focused on transforming mobility through manufacturing autonomous vehicles.
- "Via" develops public mobility applications. The company offers a platform for commuters to book and share a ride.
- "EasyMile" develops software to automate transportation platforms. It provides software powering autonomous vehicles and smart mobility solutions.
- "2getthere" provides Personal Rapid Transit (PRT) and Group Rapid Transit (GRT) systems.
- "Ohmio Automotion" is a company focused on intelligent transport systems in the automotive industry.