

Tecore Networks, a U.S. based innovator of wireless network infrastructure, has partnered with Glydways to provide today’s leading communication framework to operate the next generation of transportation technology. 

Tecore Networks has deployed a comprehensive CBRS network solution that includes its carrier-grade Core and OnGo certified radios at Glydways Demonstration Facility in California. This secure, reliable, low-latency wireless network is key to enabling the full benefits of an automated mesh network transit systems.

Telco Standardization Telco Standardization

This secure network layer will allow a fully autonomous Glydcar fleet to seamlessly coordinate activities that move high volumes of people very efficiently and at a low cost across the Glydways mesh-style infrastructure network. This results in trips that move quickly, with zero intermediate stops, across a system to deliver a transit experience that is unmatched by existing transit modes. To facilitate a pioneer like Glydways in its goal to redefine the concept of transportation equality through its novel, green, private transportation methodology, it takes an equally dedicated and industry-leading vendor like Tecore Networks to provide the cutting-edge communication infrastructure necessary to deploy this low-latency private CBRS network.

What differentiates Tecore from other similar vendors is its ability to provide single x86 based carrier-grade hardware that supports All-Gs technology simultaneously on the same hardware. With the flexibility of on-prem, cloud, and hybrid installations, enterprises can now procure technology solutions and services from a single vendor, while future-proofing their network. Tecore's carrier-grade core network, the iCore supports Data, SMS, Voice, and has an IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) that provides VoLTE services, all of which are designed to run on a virtualized platform. This path offers unparalleled benefits including reduced total cost of ownership, software upgrade flexibility, sustained growth, and access to the latest 3GPP roadmap.

Jay Salkini, Founder and CEO of Tecore Networks
At Tecore, we take pride in the success of our customers and the partnerships we build as a result. Combining Glydways ingenuity and Tecore’s infrastructure, the end customer gets to benefit from two leaders in their respective industries that are partnering to provide a trailblazing solution that aims to revolutionize the transportation industry.
