
A Community Committed to Climate

Greentown Labs is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit catalyzing climate solutions through entrepreneurship, partnership, and collaboration.

Our members, our partners, and our staff are united by a common mission: solving the climate crisis through entrepreneurship and collaboration. Whether you’re a startup founder or a policymaker or an investor or a corporate executive, this is the place where you can take climate action.

Our community wants to change the way people think about, engage with, and use energy. We want to change how we build our buildings, how we get around our cities and towns, how we grow our food, how we manage our water.

We believe in the power of entrepreneurs in the climate battle. And we’re confident that when combined with support and amplification from corporates, politicians, private citizens, and others, climatetech startups will drive progress.

We aim to be the leading hub where people from all over the world congregate to work toward the shared goal of a sustainable, renewable future.
Our Incubation Model

Greentown Labs aims to be a supportive, collaborative, and inspiring community for early-stage entrepreneurs to grow their businesses. In light of that mission, we don’t take any equity in our member companies. Instead, members pay monthly fees based on their lab and office space. We bring in revenue from other sources, including partnerships and grants, to keep membership fees low for our startups.

Membership fees are approximately market rate, but include so much more than desk and lab space—members also gain access to more than $1 million worth of resources, equipment, programming, staff support, and more.

“When you get a coffee, I think the most magical question that you can ask another founder is, ‘How’s progress?’ It opens a floodgate of information back and forth of helping each other. What’s at the heart of it is you enter into a world where you’re not alone, because others have gone or are going through or will go through the same marketing struggles, technology struggles, and investing struggles.”

“Greentown is extremely valuable and necessary for people like me who come from an academic background and are commercializing technologies that started in a university laboratory. People like us benefit incredibly from the experience and the connections that the community brings together. The connection to people who have experience in a certain aspect of scaling, fundraising, working with customers, etc., makes it much easier and more exciting for us to figure out how to move in this very complicated space.”

“In terms of the value of Greentown, a lot of it came from the community. Once you move into Greentown, and once you’re around other teams working on similar problems—teams that have, say, taken a prototype to market—it changes your perspective on what you need to get started and it changes your perspective on what progress looks like. It provides this network of people who have done similar things before.”

Investor Program - Greentown Labs

The Startup

Greentown member florrent makes ultracapacitors—a crucial piece of the renewable grid—with hemp grown by Black and Indigenous farmers in the U.S. By supporting these growers, florrent says it’s both sequestering carbon in hemp and “sequestering wealth” in the farmers’ communities.
The Investment

florrent met its largest investor, MassVentures, via Greentown’s Deal Flow Digest—an initiative of the incubator’s Investor Program designed to connect fundraising startups with relevant investors.
From the Startup

“Greentown’s been incredibly supportive. The Investor Program and [its senior manager] Jackie Firsty have led to so many investor conversations, some of which are already lined up for when we’re ready to raise our seed. MassVentures is a great example: they’re our biggest investor, and that connection was through Greentown Labs.”
From the Investor

“florrent has a strong team; they listen well; and their technology is making the right advances. florrent hits our investment sweet spot and we are grateful to Greentown Labs for bringing the startup to our attention.”


Become a partner

Learn how Greentown Labs can help you achieve your innovation and sustainability goals by tapping into our climatetech ecosystem.
Explore Investing

Tell us what you’re looking for in an investment opportunity and we’ll help you tap into our immediate and broader network of cutting-edge climatetech and cleantech startups.
Work at a startup

Our member companies are often hiring! Check out open postings on our careers page.
Donate to Greentown

Greentown is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit dedicated to supporting climatetech startups. Learn how you can help power our community with a tax-deductible donation.
Mentor a startup

Experienced mentors give invaluable guidance to Greentown Go and ACCEL participants, helping them develop their technologies, navigate relationships with corporates, and grow their businesses.
Attend an event

We hold several public events per month, ranging from networking events to investment panels to conversations with startup founders and more.
Stay up-to-date

Want to hear the latest from Greentown? Sign up for our newsletter!
Host an event

Greentown is proud to serve as an event host for our partners and friends in the climatetech and cleantech ecosystem.


The Greentown Community

What does community look like at Greentown Labs? It looks like helping a fellow member edit a grant proposal, borrowing another startup’s equipment, and sharing investor contacts. It looks like holding a door, striking up a conversation, and swapping ideas with your neighbors. It looks like a vibrant, humming workspace where people are collaborating to solve climate change.

We believe our community is our greatest resource. In fact, Greentown was founded in the spirit of community and collaboration. Our four founding startups worked alongside each other late into the night, providing emotional support and a lending hand. Nine years and 250 startups later, many of our members still say the community is their favorite part of Greentown.
We’ll do everything we can for our members

We get it. You’re a startup—you’re going to need less lab space next month and more the month after, you’re going to want a place to test your technology, you’re going to do some sort of innovative, never-been-done-before work that you might not have even thought of yet.

That’s why we stay flexible and aim to match your speed. “We do things for members a ‘normal’ landlord would never let fly,” our director of lab and member resources says.

We’re ready to work with you as your needs fluctuate, whether that’s adjusting your lab space from month to month or helping you interface with the building systems. Maybe you want to test your technology on the roof, or bring a new chemical into the wet lab. Whatever it is, we aim to help you do it and do it safely.

And here’s something really cool: we love having our members deploy their technology onsite.

IVYS logo

Ivys Energy Solutions installed SimpleFuel—its compact hydrogen refueling station—in the alley next to Greentown. The Ivys team is working with national and international organizations to adapt standards to support the SimpleFuel model, and the Greentown station is playing a key role in that process, according to the Ivys team. Ivys even invites other members to charge their fuel-cell electric vehicles at the station!

What’s more valuable than having your technology in use right next to you, where you can monitor it live every day? Sunforge hooked up its off-grid solar controllers to the solar panels on Greentown’s roof. Four pipes from the roof deck connect to the floor below, where the controllers route to a custom-built battery that then powers Sunforge’s desks. The Sunforge team wasn’t able to install this setup in their last workspace. When they asked us, we incorporated their needs into our headquarters’ building plan.
The Greentown Ecosystem

Greentown is all about forging connections. We need to work together to win the fight against climate change, and nowhere is the power of collaboration more apparent than at Greentown. 

We’ve seen firsthand the magical outcomes of relationships between startups and corporates, inventors and manufacturers, entrepreneurs and fellow entrepreneurs. We aim to be the link between key partners, creating a leading community of climate champions that’s a nexus of collaboration, innovation, and change. 
Partner-Member Collaboration: Pilot

The Startup

Raptor Maps uses artificial intelligence and drone-based thermal imaging to pinpoint electrical issues and outages, damaged modules, and obstructed modules down to the exact solar panel. Raptor Maps monitors two percent of the world’s solar panels.
The Partnership

Raptor Maps teamed up with Enel Green Power to manage real-time operations across the corporate’s global solar portfolio.
An Assist from the Ecosystem

MassCEC helped make the Enel + Raptor Maps partnership possible through its InnovateMass program.
Access to Partners

Once you’re a member at Greentown, large corporations stop being enigmas and start being people. They’re the people who are hosting Lunch + Learns, holding office hours, and are really, really eager to meet you. Some of them are even working right next to you in the office. These connections lead to real results, from pilot projects to investments to R&D partnerships.

These partners also offer you the hardware, software, and professional services you need to succeed—think SOLIDWORKS, scientific articles, and prototyping equipment.
Investor Program

Our investor program’s mission is simple: to connect our startups with the capital they need to scale. From curating investor-startup matches to facilitating pitching practice and feedback, we’re committed to helping our startups navigate the fundraising process.

Get direct introductions and access to investors through our curated investor network
Be featured in Deal Flow Digests
Meet one-on-one with investors and partners via office hours
Connect with key investors in your industry at Sector Pitch Days and other invite-only investor networking sessions
Receive fundraising coaching and support
Source peer-driven pitch feedback at biweekly Fundraising Forums
Learn from and network with industry-leading investors through Greentown’s Investor Speaker Series

“When I think about Greentown, I think about the story of how we’re going to save this planet.”

Greentown Labs Names Lara Cottingham as New Chief of Staff - Greentown Labs

The City of Houston’s former Chief Sustainability Officer will support the incubator’s continued growth and next decade of climate impact 

Houston, Texas and Somerville, Mass., Oct. 26, 2021 — Greentown Labs, the largest climatetech startup incubator in North America, today announced Lara Cottingham will serve as the organization’s Chief of Staff. For the past seven years, Cottingham served as the City of Houston’s Chief Sustainability Officer and the Chief of Staff for the City’s Administration and Regulatory Affairs (ARA) Department. As Greentown’s Chief of Staff, Cottingham will oversee the day-to-day operations and communications for Greentown’s Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Emily Reichert, along with key stakeholder engagements and strategic initiatives for the incubator. 

“Lara brings a tremendous wealth of knowledge and experience to our team from her dynamic leadership role at the City of Houston,” said Reichert. “Her breadth of knowledge in sustainability, climate, and the energy transition, and her expertise in regulatory and stakeholder aspects of the energy industry, will be incredibly valuable to our team and community. I am thrilled to welcome Lara as our new Chief of Staff as we scale Greentown’s impact in this critical decade for climate action!” 

Cottingham is the chief author of Houston’s Climate Action Plan, a science-based, community-driven strategy for Houston to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, meet the Paris Agreement goal of carbon neutrality by 2050, and lead the global energy transition. During her tenure at the City of Houston and thanks to her leadership, she helped the city move to 100 percent renewable electricity and address one of the city’s oldest environmental justice challenges by turning the 240-acre Sunnyside landfill into the nation’s largest urban solar farm. 

“In leading the Climate Action Plan, Lara helped spark Houston’s leadership in what has become a global energy transition and was a passionate advocate for climate action in Houston,” said Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner. “While she will be missed, this new role will only strengthen our partnership with Greentown. I look forward to working with Emily, Lara, and the Greentown team to meet our climate goals and make Houston the energy capital of the future.”

Prior to joining the City of Houston, Lara was a member of Hill+Knowlton Strategies’ Houston office, providing strategic counsel in various areas including crisis and executive communications, corporate governance, sustainability and social responsibility issues, and stakeholder engagement for a broad range of clients across the energy sector.

“In working with Mayor Turner and Climate Mayors across the U.S., I saw how important partnerships are to helping cities decarbonize,” said Cottingham. “There is no better partner or place for climate action at work than Greentown Labs. Greentown is 100 percent committed to attracting and nurturing the energy companies of the future and making Houston the energy transition capital of the world. I’m excited to join the team and see how climatetech can help cities reach their climate goals.” 

Outside of the office, Cottingham volunteers at BARC, Houston’s animal shelter, and the Houston Museum of Natural Science. She attended the University of Texas in Austin, where she graduated magna cum laude with degrees in history, ancient history and classical civilizations, and government. In 2013, she earned an MBA in energy finance and public affairs from the University of Texas at Austin’s McCombs School of Business, where she co-founded the UT Energy Savings Fund.

About Greentown Labs 
As the largest climatetech startup incubator in North America, Greentown Labs brings together startups, corporates, investors, policymakers, and many others with a focus on scaling climate solutions. Driven by the mission of providing startups the resources, knowledge, connections, and equipment they need to thrive, Greentown Labs offers lab space, shared office space, a machine shop, an electronics lab, software and business resources, and a large network of corporate customers, investors, and more. With its headquarters in Somerville, Mass. and a recently opened incubator in Houston, Texas, Greentown Labs is home to more than 180 startups and has supported more than 400 startups since the incubator’s founding in 2011. These startups have collectively created more than 7,800 direct jobs and have raised more than $1.5 billion in funding.
